Bonjour my lovelies now today I'm going
to be talking to you about my new horse
who should have been here right now
actually but due to unforeseen
circumstances she is still in Melbourne
and she did not come from Melbourne so
um if you're from other places you're
probably used to having to travel for
horses but all you might not be
depending on how many horses are for
sale in your certain area but um for the
son of horse I wanted I wanted a warm
blood I wanted something strong with
good movement good for dressage nice
temperament um grid paces and something
that could carry me because though I'm
quite short I've got junk in the trunk
sorry I'm a bit heavier than normal
rider so my style bread cost called
horse Timmy who I love and I'm never
selling he's always going to be my baby
he is being leased by my good friend so
um that is really good so my new horse
is called glamour and i will show you
guys some pictures of her now
so those are the pictures of glamour
that I have of me riding her and here
are some of her old owner riding her
so I went to try at glamour and she was
really good like she's so sweet and well
behaved and she's kind of forward horse
and she has quite big movements so she's
not really this one horse you put a
beginner on I've been riding over 10
years taking lessons over 10 years so um
though I can be quite a nervous rider I
seem to cope okay with her and so I
actually have had to travel up to New
South Wales and and if you don't really
know about Australia like Australia is
here um and Tasmania is like down here
and that's where I live so this is big
lump over Australia and if you want to
know how big Australia is it is the
fifth biggest country in the world so
this hundreds of countries in the world
is the fifth biggest but it is the
smallest continent so um we're the only
country that's also a continent and
we're also an island but Antarctica is
also an island so here is Australia
here's Tasmania then up here here's
Queensland here's New South Wales and
here is Victoria so I had to go all the
way from down here up to here to
northern New South Wales in lismore so
um that was about two and a half
thousand kilometers away which is quite
far away anyone that has traveled that
far they know it's quite far it's like
several hours on a plane so I traveled
all the way up there to Southern
Queensland and I stayed there and I had
a nice time went to some theme parks and
stuff and then me and my mom drove down
and went and rode her and had a really
nice time and there was actually mix up
where I forgot to take my medication so
the second day I got on her and I just
felt so terrible i started crying I just
felt so sick sorry that was really
annoying
landed up trotting around and I never
actually got to care to her but I saw
that the people that owned her cat into
her and I I know I'll definitely get
used to what um but they didn't have an
arena or anything so it was a bit hard
to get used to her so the facts about
Gamma cheese 16.3 hands high which is
basically an inch smaller than 17 hands
she weighs about 800 kilos she takes a
six foot six rug she is BAE she is um
half australian warmblood half
Hanoverian um and she's also she does
have a little bit of thoroughbred and
her but not much I think maybe a quarter
for a quarter of that warm blood mix is
thoroughbred so she's like a quarter
warmblood half Hanoverian quarter
thoroughbred or whatever and she is 11
years old and she turns 12 on the
twelfth of the twelfth a CSO then health
of December she turns 12 which is really
cute and and she has a little star here
a tender star and she's a tiny little
dot of white on her nose and her back
feet she has two white pastures and she
is very very sweet and she loves hugs
and food and she's a strong girl she can
carry me around easily and she's just
the sweetest horse so she today is
Thursday she's meant to arrive today but
she's actually coming on Sunday which is
the day after the day after tomorrow so
I'm so excited for her to get here you
have no idea i'm like dying so um that
is a problem cuz I need her I want to
just ride home and groom her a hug her
and feed her because I can't do that
with Timmy because he's gotten another
girl looking after him and I'm too big
to ride Timmy so I just wanted to get
here so I'm that's about all I can
really tell you about glamour
at the moment I hope you guys enjoyed
this video please comment any questions
you have about her at all I'm i love to
answer your questions and i love you
guys lots pie